Glossary edits (#121)
scpwiki/wikijump: docs/glossary.md

## Wikijump Glossary

There are a number of concepts within Wikidot, which can take on a number of different names in casual usage.
To standardize their usage during development and within the API, this document will describe the standard API name, Wikidot's name (if different), and any other aliases.

> Please use the Wikijump API term when writing technical documentation, writing code, or utilizing the API. The aim is clarity and disambiguity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please use the Wikijump API term when writing technical documentation, writing code, or utilizing the API. The aim is clarity and avoiding ambiguity.
```

I'm not certain disambiguity is a word: the top result on google is a post from 2008 from a blog of the same name investigating whether it's a word.

Author: It's definitely a word, but I'm fine with this suggestion.

> Please use the Wikijump API term when writing technical documentation, writing code, or utilizing the API. The aim is clarity and disambiguity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please use the Wikijump API term when writing technical documentation or writing code either for Wikijump or in projects that consume the API. The aim is clarity and disambiguity.
```
Suggestion to remove 'utilise' (using the meaning that I assume was intended)

Author: Updated here: https://github.com/scpwiki/wikijump/pull/121/files#discussion_r584016005

> Please use the Wikijump API term when writing technical documentation, writing code, or utilizing the API. The aim is clarity and avoiding ambiguity.

Author: Updated suggestion:
```suggestion
Please use the Wikijump API term when writing technical documentation or writing code either for Wikijump or in projects that consume the API. The aim is clarity and avoiding ambiguity.
```

Definitions are not intended to be exhaustive, but rather quickly summarize what it is for recognition. If further details are needed, add a link to a more detailed resource.

> | API Term       | Wikidot Term | Other Terms | Definition |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Wikijump Term  | Wikidot Term | Other Terms | Definition |
```
We're going to be using these terms in contexts outside the API, so being as generic as possible is in our best interests here. Also calling it "Wikijump Term" is a direct, clear parallel to "Wikidot Term" which should hopefully avoid any confusion at all
